-----------------Plan------------------ 

I.Activities and Tasks

1.Player vs AI - Vanilla
2.Player vs Player - Vanilla
3.Player vs Player through Server - Vanilla
4.Player vs AI - Butterscotch
5.Player vs Player - Butterscotch
6.Game UI
7.Animation
8.Integration

II.Dependencies

1.Task 2 and 3 are dependent on Task 1 since the original game is being developed in Task 1.
2.Similar to point 1 Task 5 is dependent on Task 4.
3.Task 7 is dependent on all Tasks from 1 to 5 since the animation of each mode is done individually with relation.
4.Task 8 is dependent on Task 7, where each mode after completion of its animation is linked to the game UI.

III.Sequence for completion of Tasks

1.Once Task 1 is completed, Task 2 and 3 can be completed side by side since two different members of the group work on them.
2.Similary, once Task 4 is completed, Task 5 can be completed.
3.As and when a task from Task 1 to 5 get completed, its animation can be done.
4.Game UI is an individual task which can be created irrespective of any other task.
5.Integration of every other task to the game UI is done as and when its completed along with its animation

IV.Time Duration for each Task

1.Task 1 required 04 days
2.Task 2 required 03 days
3.Task 3 required 09 days
4.Task 4 required 20 days
5.Task 5 required 05 days
6.Task 6 required 10 days
7.Task 7 required 20 days
8.Task 8 required 10 days

---------------Roles and Responsibilites-----------------

We have a team of three members : 
1.Shreyas Borole - Handling the Server, Animation and UI
	He was also responsible for handling the animation of the game along with some part of UI. He also developed the 3rd mode in our game i.e. 
	playing with another player against the server on different devices. 
2.Divya Gupta - Developing the game variants - vanilla and butterscotch against AI
	She was responsible for developing the algorithm for the game. She also developed the 1st mode of our game i.e. against AI for both the versions.
3.Ketan Jindal - Building local multiplayer mode for both versions, handling the UI of the game and navigation of the webapplication(integration)
	He was responsible for developing the UI of the game. He also developed the 2nd mode of the game i.e. local multiplayer for both versions.









